[back to README](../../README.md)
# Meeting Friday 26.02.2021

## Where: Online

## Participants:
 - Tjark
 - Steffan
 - Victor
 - Martin Schoeberl

## Agenda:
- What FPGA would be viable? (RAM size?)
   
---
